Remove the “isDisabled“ prop from the “Button“ component in favour of the native “disabled” attribute (#127)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/proud-houses-glow.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": minor
---

> removed the “isDisabled“ prop from the “Button” component in favour of the native “disabled“ attribute

Reviewer: [issue] this is misleading, since that's what it already did (provided the native disabled attribute). suggestion: 

```suggestion
removed the “isDisabled“ prop from the “Button” component; added instructions for developers to manually add it themselves if needed.
```
